h1. Mole for Visual Studio 2010

An update for the "Mole for Visual Studio - With Editing" project to support Visual Studio 2010 and .NET 4.0.

h2. Project Info

* *Original CodeProject article*: "www.codeproject.com/KB/macros/MoleForVisualStudioEdit.aspx":http://www.codeproject.com/KB/macros/MoleForVisualStudioEdit.aspx
* *Update Project Home*: "github.com/ngbrown/Mole-For-Visual-Studio":http://github.com/ngbrown/Mole-For-Visual-Studio


h2. Introduction

Mole was authored by "Karl Shifflett":http://karlshifflett.wordpress.com/, "Josh Smith":http://joshsmithonwpf.wordpress.com/ and "Andrew Smith":http://agsmith.wordpress.com/.

The original authors have not released a Visual Studio 2010 version yet and have indicated that when it does come, it will be for pay.  I have tried to see what can be done with the currently available version.

For the fullest featured version on Visual Studio 2010, see the author's websites for more information on availability.

h2. Updates for Visual Studio 2010

The solution files were each loaded in in Visual Studio 2010, the solutions, projects, and generated files were allowed to update.  Especially note that the path to @Microsoft.VisualStudio.DebuggerVisualizers@ was changed to @C:\Program Files (x86)\Microsoft Visual Studio 10.0\Common7\IDE\ReferenceAssemblies\v2.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.DebuggerVisualizers.dll@

h2. Installation

Copy the DLL to @C:\Program Files (x86)\Microsoft Visual Studio 10.0\Common7\Packages\Debugger\Visualizers@ (or @C:\Program Files\@ if using an 32 OS).

h2. Limited Testing

The visualizer has been tested with WPF apps build against .NET 3.5 and .NET 4.0.  The other types of apps have not been tested.

h2. License

The source code and associated files were licensed by the authors under "The Code Project Open License (CPOL)":http://www.codeproject.com/info/cpol10.aspx.

The modified source code and compiled binaries are distributed under the rights granted by the license.